four seconds out of the start and your
eyes water from the speed nice rough
under your feet a blur
you and three other racers over the
first joke
hard into the corner stay out for 45
seconds stay ahead for 45 seconds
don't slow down this is Red Bull Crashed
Ice downhill ice cross isn't something
you can easily practice not many
neighborhoods have the 400 yards of
support and steel and refrigeration
equipment and make up the track over the
next two weeks Team USA will ID the 100
athletes they need to start the season
to take on the world it's a completely
different game once they hit the
downhill ice sheet there's a fear factor
involved there's a competitive side that
comes out of guys we're just looking to
take the top guys based on speed now and
see what they have once they hit st.
Paul our goal is to have an athlete win
this thing the ice is a way of life in
Minnesota the top 31 here will
expectations are high
No was it I don't know if it's gonna
make it the goal is simple determine who
is fast enough
who's agile enough
Corie Pannu ski isn't the fastest skater
here he's never played hockey
instead he hopes the years he spent ski
racing will translate to the speeds of
the st. Paul crash dice track the skis
are definitely longer so if you get a
little bit backseat you're gonna be all
right but on skates it's way different
you're falling right on your butt it's
not a lot of leeway there tonight his
lack of experience on the ice has him
chasing the eight ball he's out the
gorgeous and brothers Minnesota locals
they benefit from years of US and
sibling rivalry racing head-to-head
we had a goal we didn't come here for
fun came here keeps the hill as
competitive as it was qualifying is easy
part time trial around an indoor rink
miles away from the crash test track now
the athletes of Team USA have to deal
with speed and air
they're going down man those Europeans
going down